As you start this course I just want to draw attention to a resource that I've put together for you
.
It's a list of all of the Free SEO tools that you're going to learn how to use in this course to access
it you can just click up to the resources section here and click on the link at this list.
I actually put it together based on a suggestion from a students and I include in which lecture each
of these tools appear.
I've also broken down into different sections so these are all the tools for the research that you're
going to learn how to use also to optimize your content for SEO.
All of the link building tools that you're going to learn how to use.
And then finally the tools for SEO analysis if you have a Web site you can go ahead and use these right
name to find nature ASIO's score and you can have a look at lecture 33.
If you want to get specific directions on those.
So a lot of students find this helpful.
You can see everybody logged in here using it.
No I keep this up to date if I change any tools in the lectures or find better tools I always update
them here.
So I suggest that you bookmark this page and also keep it open as you go through the course because
I have links to all of the tools mentioned so it'll just help you get there faster.
So hope you enjoy this list and find it useful.